Some more cleanup on services.adoc (#251)
akka/akka-platform-guide: docs-source/docs/modules/concepts/pages/services.adoc

include::partial$include.adoc[]

A service is made up by its API (request and response types, strict vs stream, synchronous vs asynchronous), and discovery information (URL, topic name).

To communicate the API consistently, we recommend using schema-first approaches. The schemas are to be shared by the service implementation and its clients. From the schema the implementing code is generated and used to implement the service and the client code. With this approach the service, and the clients don't share any code or dependencies.

== Synchronous Services

> In the first steps of the xref:microservices-tutorial:index.adoc[Implementing Microservices with Akka tutorial], the tutorial illustrates building service APIs for synchronous communication for use cases which require an instant reply. Most often synchronous communication send a single request and expects a single reply. Other cases open communication channels for continued communication with possibly ongoing replies.

Reviewer: "with Akka tutorial, the tutorial"

repeating tutorial might look funny. 

"the first steps of the Implementing Microservices with Akka tutorial illustrates ..." ?

Author: You're right.

Author: ```suggestion
The first steps of the xref:microservices-tutorial:index.adoc[Implementing Microservices with Akka tutorial] illustrate building service APIs for synchronous communication for use cases which require an instant reply. Most often, synchronous communication sends a single request and expects a single reply. Other cases open communication channels for continued communication with possibly ongoing replies.
```

Synchronous communication gives results and errors immediately so the client can react before continuing its processing, but that often means the client doesn't progress until it received the response.

=== gRPC

> xref:grpc-services.adoc[gRPC services] use Protobuf as their language-agnostic schema and which translate to efficient serialization.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
xref:grpc-services.adoc[gRPC services] use Protobuf as their language-agnostic schema which translates to efficient serialization.
```

What translates to efficient serialization if the fact that it's Protobuf, hence the usage of third person.

A Service may experience transient failure or degradation due to excessive load, GC pauses, etc... in that case, clients will retry the failed request, which will increase the load. Instead, in order to let the service recover from the transient failure as fast as possible, clients should use xref:circuit-breakers.adoc[Circuit Breakers].

ifdef::todo[== Structuring our Service]

> ifdef::todo[Anti-corruption layer]

Reviewer: when rendered in author mode there is no indication that this is a TODO
